c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\obj\Debug\Cassantic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\obj\Debug\Cassantic.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\obj\Debug\Cassantic.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Builder.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Core.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Service.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Data.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Builder.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Core.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Service.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Data.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Service.Web.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Service.Web.pdb
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassandra.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\LZ4.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassandra.xml
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\ServiceStack.Common.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.dll.config
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.pdb
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Autofac.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassandra.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Builder.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Core.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Service.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Service.Web.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\LZ4.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\ServiceStack.Common.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Data.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Builder.pdb
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Core.pdb
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Service.Web.pdb
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Service.pdb
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Autofac.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassandra.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\ServiceStack.Common.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\bin\Cassantic.Data.pdb
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\obj\Debug\Cassantic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\obj\Debug\Cassantic.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic\obj\Debug\Cassantic.pdb
