c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Builder.dll.config
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Builder.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Builder.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Builder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Builder.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Builder.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Core.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Data.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Service.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Core.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Data.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Service.pdb
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Cassandra.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\LZ4.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\Cassandra.xml
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\StackExchange.Redis.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Builder\bin\Debug\StackExchange.Redis.xml
