c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Tests.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Tests.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassantic.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassantic.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Tests.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Tests.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Core.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Core.pdb
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassandra.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\LZ4.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassandra.xml
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Tests.dll.config
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Tests.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Tests.pdb
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassantic.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Core.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassandra.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\LZ4.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassantic.pdb
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Core.pdb
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Cassandra.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Tests.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Tests\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Tests.pdb
