c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Service.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Service.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Service.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Service.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Core.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Data.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Core.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Data.pdb
c:\users\cengi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassandra.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\LZ4.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassandra.xml
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Service.dll.config
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\cengi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Service.dll.config
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Service.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Service.pdb
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Core.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Data.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassandra.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\LZ4.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Core.pdb
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Data.pdb
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassandra.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Service.dll
E:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Service.pdb
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Service.dll.config
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Service.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Service.pdb
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.Extras.DynamicProxy.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Core.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Data.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassandra.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\LZ4.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Core.pdb
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassantic.Data.pdb
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.Extras.DynamicProxy.xml
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Cassandra.xml
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Service.dll
D:\GitProject\Cassantic\Cassantic.Service\obj\Debug\Cassantic.Service.pdb
